README
            Christopher Lirette     clirett


My first thought for this project was to do Lichtenberg figures, so I began
experimenting with some Brownian recursive algorithms online. This led me
to realize that my math background needed some refreshing, so without
consulting another algorithm, I tried to make a recursive square by itself.

The thing that most threw me off was dealing with scale and canvas size--
changing one or the other severely throws off your balance, especially if
you were expecting something that following the rules of either Rene Des-
Cartes or Tim Berners Lee. After I figured that out, I created, submission3:

prime-hole-with-rough-edges

This work uses arbitrarily chosen prime digits from 0 to 1000 to alternate
colors as the code recursively goes until zero. It creates a weird image
that looks two-toned or two-textured or at least holographic. It's probably
because I am colorblind. While it is recursive, I didn't find it to be enough
for my project.

I began studying the algorithms included on Algorithms Fourth edition,
focuses on Rose.java and AnimatedHTrees.java. These both proved useful
excercizes as I emulated them, as I abridged them. The best idea I had here
was to write a program that could generate different flower images, trying
first asphodel (that greeny flower, says William Carlos Williams), rose,
then orchid. I hoped to do more, because I just began to see the possibil-
ities as the code broke down to be able to manipulate the shapes. The best
that came out are variations on orchid, adding strange spikes to it. And so
you have submission2:

Flower in Flower

The real gem of programming I have here is my baroque Koch triangle. After
scouring mathworld.Wolfram.com for math info (I am in the humanities, after 
all), I finally devised a way to calculate angles off of a non vertical or 
horizontal line. This was not as easy, and my biggest challenge was learning 
to pivot at a certain point. My first instinct was to use the wonderful 
world of angular geometry, but while I could get a traingle to do such a 
thing recursively, I could not do it for the Koch curve. So I used both start
and end points instead of start points, length, and projected angle. The
Koch curve is modular and can be used outside of my main method for any
shape thrown into it. This is my submission-1:

INFINITE PERIMETER WITH MIND OF WINTER

There are other images saved in the submission-1 directory: these show 
different chaoses possible within my program be changing some parameters.

The fourth and fifth "submissions" is a crazy KochCurve I made during troubleshooting:

Koch Cave
Ray Koch

These aren't well commented, but they are bizarre. 

To be clear, I want my primary submission to be KochTriangle.java in submission-1.


